# Boilerplate

## Overview ##

The boilerplate is a sample project to build MVC javascript websites, either in
single or multipage formats with the least overhead possible. By the use of
extremely small micro-libraries, basic javascript functions and structures can
remain the style and structure of the website.

- - - - -

## Hooks ##

Instead of relying on each member of your team to add and update their
`.git/hooks/` files individually, the hooks are instead kept in the repo
itself.

This means that you can add as many hooks directly into your repo as you like,
and you can also add custom local hooks that can be individually ignored as
well.

To set up the hooks in your local repository, run the following executable:

    $ hooks/hooks-installer

Any hook defined in the hooks/ folder will then act as if it were in
`.git/hooks/`. A pre-commit hook has been included by default. Upon any commit,
the `pre-commit` hook will auto generate a `TODO.md` file and append its
contents at the end of this file. The contents of the list is generated by
searching all javascript code for instances of `//TODO:`.

- - - - -

## JavaScript ##

javascript

### Micro-Libraries ###

#### NS.js ####

`NS.js` (Namespace) manages the loading and access of dependencies across the
application.

##### NS.import #####

To import another class or library into the current context, use the
`NS.import` method. If the external resource hasn't already been loaded, NS
will make the necessary ajax request to load the resource and process it
synchronously.

	var LocalCopyOfLib = NS.import ("path.to.class.or.lib");

##### NS.baseURL #####

Setting the `NS.baseURL` property will allow you to change the root path of
your external javascript libraries. By default the path is `/`. Be sure to
include a trailing slash.

	NS.baseURL = 'js/';

##### NS.createXMLHTTPObject #####

As the NS class is responsible for loading external resources, it is also
capable of creating a browser-appropriate XMLHttpRequest or ActiveX object.
This method calls a factory pattern returning the appropriate object and has
been made externally available as a convenience method.

	var httprequest = NS.createXMLHTTPObject();

#### Ajax.js ####

Ajax

#### Events.js ####

Events

#### Delegate.js ####

Delegate

### App ###

App

#### Model ####

Model

#### View ####

View

#### Controller ####

Controller.

- - - - -

_Anything below this line will be overwritten upon commit._
## TODO ##

